SUMO-251500: Adding monitor's information to OTEL Apps Set2 (#4876)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/opentelemetry/sql-server-linux-opentelemetry.md

-   Monitor any errors and warnings.

<img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/SQLServer-Linux-OpenTelemetry/SQL-Server-Operations.png' alt="Operations" />

## Create monitors for SQL Server Linux app

import CreateMonitors from '../../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

<CreateMonitors/>

### SQL Server Linux alerts

> | Name | Description | Alert Condition | Recover Condition |

Reviewer: @amee-sumo We do not want the "Trigger Type (Critical / Warning / MissingData)" column here, as we are only showing the Alert and Recover conditions here.

|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| `SQL Server - AppDomain` | This alert is triggered when we detect AppDomain related issues in your SQL Server instance. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |

> | `SQL Server - Backup Fail` | This alert is triggered when the SQL Server backup is failed. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SQL Server - Backup Fail` | This alert is triggered when the SQL Server backup fails. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |
```

> | `SQL Server - Backup Fail` | This alert is triggered when we detect that the SQL Server backup failed. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SQL Server - Backup Fail` | This alert is triggered when the SQL Server backup is failed. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |
```

| `SQL Server - Deadlock` | This alert is triggered when we detect deadlocks in a SQL Server instance. | Count `>` 5 | Count `<=` 5 |

> | `SQL Server - Instance Down` | This alert is triggered when we detect that the SQL Server instance is down for 5 minutes. | Count `>` 0 | Count `<=` 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SQL Server - Instance Down` | This alert is triggered when the SQL Server instance is down for 5 minutes. | Count `>` 0 | Count `<=` 0 |
```

| `SQL Server - Insufficient Space` | This alert is triggered when SQL Server instance could not allocate a new page for database because of insufficient disk space in filegroup. | Count `>` 0 | Count `<=` 0 |

> | `SQL Server - Login Fail` | This alert is triggered when we detect that the user cannot login to SQL Server. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SQL Server - Login Fail` | This alert is triggered when the user is unable to login to the SQL Server. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |
```

> | `SQL Server - Mirroring Error` | This alert is triggered when we detect that the SQL Server mirroring has error. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SQL Server - Mirroring Error` | This alert is triggered when the SQL Server mirroring has error. | Count `>=` 1 | Count `<` 1 |
```
